# go-kit-middlewarer#
go-kit-middlewarer is a utility project meant to be used to quickly generate
various layers of the go-kit microservice framework.

This utility is meant to be used with the ```go generate```.

## Documentation

### Usage

To utilize this utility, you first need to **build** or **install** it. The
easiest way to accomplish this is to run the command.

```bash
go get github.com/ayiga/go-middle-warer && \
go install github.com/ayiga/go-middle-warer
```

After that's complete, please ensure that go-middle-warer is in your system's
**PATH** Environment Variable, as it will attempt to be called by
```go generate```.

Next, it needs a file / interface to generate the layers for.  An example would
be something like this StringService taken from [go-kit's example String Service](https://github.com/go-kit/kit/tree/master/examples/stringsvc1/main.go)


```go
package service

//go:generate go-kit-middlewarer -type=StringService

// StringService from go-kit/kit's example
type StringService interface {
	// Uppercase returns an uppercase version of the given string, or an error.
	Uppercase(str string) (upper string, err error)

	// Count returns the length of the given string
	Count(str string) (count int)
}
```

Then, within that directory, and from terminal just run the command ```go generate```,
and the layers will automatically be generated.

### Exaplanation
What's happening is go-kit-middlewarer is looking for an interface with the name
specified by the type flag.  It uses this information to pre-generate Service
Middlewares, and transport bindings automatically so you don't have to worry
about the logistics of setting all of that up.

The generated code is attempted to be organized in the following manner:
```tree
.
+-- endpoint
|   +-- defs_gen.go
+-- logging
|   +-- middleware_gen.go
+-- transport
|   +-- http
|   |    +-- client_gen.go
|   |    +-- http-client-loadbalanced_gen.go
|   |    +-- http-client_gen.go
|   |    +-- http-server_gen.go
|   |    +-- make-endpoint_gen.go
|   |    +-- request-response_gen.go
+-- <service>.go
```

The generated code will have created transport request and response structures
for all methods specified within the interface.  It will name them based on the
names given by the arguments and results specified in the interface.  If no
names have been specified, then it will attempt to make some up.  However, it is
highly suggested that you do **name** your arguments and results.

Please note that the code generated by this package has this package as a
dependency.  This is primarily due to some convenience functionality around
supporting multiple encoding and decoding types.

By default, all HTTP requests generated by this package should be able to
support JSON, XML, and Gob encoding. This is assuming that the parameters and
results are encodable by JSON, XML, and Gob.  If they do not support a specific
encoding, you do not have to use that encoding.  However, they should support at
least one.

To support these various encodings please see the golang documentation for each:
* XML
  * [Encode](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/xml/#Marshaler)
  * [Decode](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/xml/#Unmarshaler)
* JSON
  * [Encode](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/json/#Marshaler)
  * [Decode](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/json/#Unmarshaler)
* Gob
  * [Encode](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/gob/#GobEncoder)
  * [Decode](https://golang.org/pkg/encoding/gob/#GobDecoder)

There are currently no generated binary files, and no default implementation is
provided for the given interface.  However, with the pieces generated, getting
up and running should be as simple as:

```go
package main

import (
	"net/http"
	"strings"

	trans "<.BasePackage>/transport/http"
)

type StringService struct{}
func (StringService) Uppercase(str string) (string, error) {
	return strings.ToUpper(str), nil
}

func (StringService) Count(str string) int {
	return len(str)
}


func main() {
	var svc StringService

	trans.HTTPServersForEndpoints(svc)
	http.ListenAndServe(":12345", nil)
}
```

### Current Layers Generated

The list of layers that are currently generated are
* HTTP Transport
* Endpoint Path's for HTTP
* Service Middleware Logging

### TODO

* Generate layers for Instrumenting
* Generate layers for other transport types
* Adjust functions to auto-wrap any embeded interfaces.
* Clean-up main.go.  (Most of this was taken from the stringer example to help
parse AST trees.  However, it needs to be cleaned up and shrunk wherever
possible.)
